Update sharp to 0.33 to fix issue with Alpine Linux (#10684)
withastro/astro: .changeset/famous-mugs-grab.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Update sharp to 0.33 to fix issue with Alpine Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates sharp to version 0.33 to fix issues when using an Alpine Linux container.
```
